'''
1. take input from user cost price and selling price and find if its profit/loss or no profit no loss
along with amounts of profit/loss
hint. use if elif else kind of loop

2. take input from user base and height of right angle triangle and find hypoteneous of triangle
3. take input principle, rate and time from user and find simple interest
4. take input from user distance and speed and find time of travel
5. take input from user length and breadth of rectangle and find area and perimeter
6. take input from user and print square root and cube root upto 3 decimal places
7. take input from user any number and find factorial of a number (hint use math library)


0.take input from user first name and last name and concatenate it to full name
1. count number of upper case letters in full name
2. count number of lower case letters in full name
3. count number of special chars in full name
4. count number of spaces in full name
5. count number of digits in full name
6. find middle element of full name. if number of elements in full name is odd, print one middle element
   if number of elements are even print 2 middle elements
7. count vowels in string. vowels can be in upper or lower case
8. print ASCII value of char which is highest
9. print ASCII value of char which is lowest



"""write a function to take input cost price and selling price and return to main
in another function, find if its profit/loss / no profit no loss along with amounts
print  profit/loss / no profit no loss along with amounts in main and not in any function
 """
 
 """take input from user first name and last name and concatenate to full name
in another function count all upper letters and lower letters in full name and return to main
print ans there"""

'''
write a guesing game program
take input 
'''
write a guesing game program
take input from user any number. if number is between 1 and 21 user wins the game
user should get max 3 chance to enter right number. if all attempts fails print failure
at any point of time user enters right number print success
DO NOT PRINT OR RETURN ANYTHING FROM THIS FUNCTION
FINAL SUCCESS/FAILURE SHOULD BE PRINTED FROM MAIN


'''in a function take input from user call duration. user can enter
10 min or 10 minutes or 8 hours or 6 hr or 10 sec or 10 seconds or 10 SEC in any case 
in another function find the bill of customer if billing rate is 0.1 Rs/Second'''
try solve above problem


When will .pyc file gets generated? and where will it get stored?
when we import a package, will it import it as .py file or as a package?
How to build a package in python
python datatype
various ways to insert values into list
various functions of string

'''
places = ['Delhi', 'mumbai', 'chennai', 'Jaipur']
attractions = ['Red fort','Gateway of India','Marina Beach','Ameer Fort']
 
1. print these messages
 
Delhi has an attraction Red Fort
mumbai has an attraction Gateway of India
chennai has an attraction Marina Beach
Jaipur has an attraction Ameer Fort
 

2. take input from the user any place and print its attraction. Search of place should be 
case insensitive. if user enters CHENNAI - we should get Marina Beach.
user should get max 3 chance 
take marks of student one by one till user enters -999 and store the marks in list
1. find min marks
2. find max marks
3. find standard deviation in marks
4. find variance in marks
5. find aggregate percentage
6. find all even marks and store them in a list even_marks
7. find all odd marks and store them in a list odd_marks
8. sort the marks in descending order
9. find the median from marks list
10. find the mode in marks list
11. if the total number of marks are even print "success" else print 
12. find the multiplication of marks with each other eg, if marks are [2,3,4]
    we should ge 2*3*4 = 24
'''
create a dictionary where emp id is key and name is value
keep on taking input from user till user enters -999 for emp id
once dictionary is created ask user any emp id and print name of employee. if emp id not found print not found
ask user any name and create list of all employee ids having that name. search of name should be case insensitive
'''


